hey guys catherine requested a how-to
video on how to use meltonian choux
cream how to know what is enough how to
match colors I have a pair of men's
Clark's Primo's that are in so-so
condition they're pretty bare here and
back here so I'm going to use red
mahogany which ends up being a pretty
close match it's not exact but I think
it's going to be close enough I have my
Kiwi honor guard shine brush that my
husband has had for 25 years I have a
chunk of fabric all I'm gonna do and now
I'm not wearing gloves I'll regret that
in 10 minutes I'm just going to dip my
finger in there that's all I'm going to
start with and just rub it on try not to
be too sloppy I have white top stitching
on these but I'm not real worried about
that I don't get particular about the
top stitching it'll wipe off the soles
really easily so don't worry about if he
did it to get it on there okay go on
just get a little bit more that that
might even be a little bit too much so
I'm going to put that up here because I
can spread it out a little better
this is real exciting I know okay the
front done you get just a little bit
more for the back you're not gonna get a
lot it's not much back here to do
there's a pretty bad spot here the very
back of these is suede I'm going to skip
over that go to the other side go back
and wipe off there I got a little too
much back here so I'm just going to wipe
that off rub it in a little bit
that's it I'm going to set that one
aside to dry I do the other one
I don't know how to pause the video or I
would doesn't make me watch me do this
all over again with this stuff a little
bit goes a long way it's a real thick
cream you don't need a lot you should be
able to get at least ten pair of shoes
out of one of these jars unless their
boots obviously okay that's about all
the time that the first one needs up to
dry up my brush and just use real quick
strokes
all that's gonna do is shine it up a bit
I should have left that other one not
done face it see you before and after
too late when you do this this is what's
probably going to wipe off any that you
got on enfold I had some here and that
wiped it off this color wasn't a perfect
match or we wouldn't have this this
would even be filled in but I still
think that looks better than it did so
I'm not going to worry about it that is
it
there's your finish too